FinTP-Configuration-Wizard
==========================

A simple interface written in Qt to allow a more user-friendly way of configuration for the open source [FinTP](http://www.fintp.org/) project.
The interface was programatically designed because i couldn't find a way to make QtDesigner to work with dynamic generated UIs. The interface components (QtWidgets) are generated by tags in the XML file.

Requirements:
 - GCC / MingGW or Microsoft Visual C++ Compiler
 - Qt framework
 - Qt Creator >= 5.0

Build Instructions:
 Open src/FinTP-Configuration-Wizard.pro in Qt Creator and it will automatically import the project.
 Alternatively you can install qmake to generate the Makefile and use it to build the project.

The XML file that will be used to generate the output should be one level above source files.

Usage instructions:

After building the application, you can run it from Qt Creator or from the executable "FinTP-Configuration-Wizard.exe".
This will generate a GUI based on the FinTP-Configuration-Wizard.xml file, and will allow the user to modify it, add or delete extra filters (used by Message Queueing Connectors for the FinTP app), and also save it.

Right now the Main Window's toolbar has only one entry (File) with 4 sub-entries :
 - Open - will open another xml and will generate again the GUI
 - Save - will save the GUI to the same Xml file used to generate it.
 - Save As - will save the GUI to another Xml file.
 - Exit - exits the GUI.

There are 2 buttons for adding or removing filters. For now the buttons are designed to work with the current tab page.
In the future I plan to make those buttons smaller and insert them on the bottom of each tab page, after the last filter. These buttons are:
 - Add Filter - will get a list of filters available for the current Tab in GUI (mapped to a Main Filter in XML), and will let the user to choose which filter(s) to add
 - Remove Filter - will get a list of filters already added in the current Tab in GUI and will give the user the possibility to remove them.

